MY APOLOGIES TO THE MODS, BUT I FEEL THIS HAS TO BE SAID ... ONCE.

Now I wasn't going to do this, but I have now changed my mind, because it seems some have not been as smart as I thought they would be, and have completely misunderstood my actions or reaction to what GameRacer claimed.

In short, my reaction was based on pure disgust at both his behavior and the nonsense he was spouting about me ... and that, after he had recently apologised and said he was going to change his ways.

It was a totally ridiculous situation, where because of a disagreement in a discussion we were having, he suddenly attacked my character, making wild aspersions without any fact behind them ... just taking a complete leap into the dark, due to his emotions.

I'm not sure why he got so emotional and said what he did, but then I am not sure why he says a lot of what he does, or indeed does many of the postings he does.

Anyway, it seems that some of you think that his claims about my character of behavior, struck a chord of truth, and that is why I acted the way I did.

You couldn't be further from the truth. There is absolutely no sense in what he said.

How for instance had my behavior changed at the forum since developing my program(s)?
It hadn't. I was still doing the kind of postings I had always done, some being somewhat controversial some not. If anything, I had toned down some of the things I say, because of the intervention of a MOD some months back, and due to some good private discussions the MOD and I had around that time.

So the claim that I had let a few accolades from others, go to to my head, over the development of my latest program, and therefor get an overlarge ego, are just ridiculous. For starters, there was less than a dozen people praising my endeavor, and then like I said, my behavior with posts hadn't changed, except perhaps I was a little more tolerant, but really that tolerance had been evolving for months anyway, especially with the futility of dealing with some people and a kind of acceptance that you can just never win, especially by being confrontational ... it is better I feel, to plant seeds in a more positive manner, for the future.

At the end of the day though, I am only human, and like all humans I am imperfect and have flaws and have to deal with emotions.

However, there has always been a well thought out rationale to all I do ... even when poking and prodding or being emotional.

For those of you who don't know, I am a 61 year old male, and I have been involved in a lot of communications (discussions, arguments, etc) in my lifetime, so I am not the inexperienced person that GameRacer thinks I am. I have been a rebel most of my life and are no stranger to controversy, and I have also served my community for much of that time (retired now), in the capacity of a full-time firefighter and then communications operator. So I have seen a lot and dealt with a lot.

I am not going to address the rest of the remaining rubbish that GameRacer claimed, because what I have said above, should cover it all, and because in all truth, I never completed reading what he said ... I was too pissed off.

Another important factor to consider in all of this, was how forgiving and tolerant I had been with GameRacer up to that point, and how he made me feel a fool for having been so.

Anyway, that's my statement about it all, and I am not going to discuss what I have said publicly, which I am sure will make the MODs happy. Of course, if you want to engage decently with me in private, I am happy to discuss all aspects.
